# CS-250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? - I would interpret a customers needs by working closely with them and other stakeholders on the project to determine exactly what is required. Those requirements would need to be assessed as to what can be done and prioritized based on customer needs.

How does creating “user stories” help with this? – Creating user stories is a great way to break down required work into smaller increments that can be accomplished over the course of a sprint. The strategy would be to have a workable product by the end of each sprint to demonstrate for end users and customers so requested changes can be implemented early on in the development process. Testing would also be done on user stories for earlier code validation.

How do I approach developing programs? – I would approach development incrementally and add features and content over time. The idea is to have code that is just good enough to do the job and expand on it. This way time and resources are not wasted on tasks that aren’t as important. 

What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? – I hope to employ agile/scrum into my future development. As I’ve mentioned, my company is in the process of implementing this now. Since starting we have incorporated 3-5-5 (3 roles, 5 events and 3 artifacts) on our scrum teams.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? – To be a good member of a development team you must be willing to learn new skills and share your knowledge. Scrum teams can be built with developers who are experts in certain areas but to be an effective team any developer should be able to pick up or help with any user story. This may not be possible right away but over time the team would become more diversified through training. In addition, being on time for the scrum events and understanding what the events are for is also important. You don’t want to be wasting the team’s time by derailing meetings with off topic discussions.
